boards: arm: v2m_musca_s1: deprecate v2m_musca_s1 (#113664)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/arm/v2m_musca_s1/doc/index.rst

ARM V2M Musca-S1
################

Deprecated
**********

This board is deprecated. The Non-Secure variant depended on TF-M,
which has removed platform support for Musca-S1, so support has been
removed from Zephyr. The secure variant of the board still builds,

> but has been deprecated and will be removed in release 5.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but has been deprecated and will be removed in Zephyr v5.0.
```
?
